Hello everyone, welcome to our go to market course. Goji AI has grown from zero to 1 million in annual recurring revenue in less than 9 months. And I want you to do the same. In this course, I'm going to show you everything we did in terms of marketing and sales to grow that fast. It's not going to be theory. I'm going to show you every channel and how we address marketing for it. I'm going to show you our outreach system, our inbound system, and how we are using goji to growji. To grow goji, we've built a synchronized multi- channelannel growth engine. Outbound plus inbound plus paid plus SEO plus demos. Each channels feed the others. Let's start. In this video, I'm going to show you the whole system. We do not use only one marketing channel. We use a lot of marketing channels. And in this video I'm going to show you how we synchronized multi- channelannel growth engine. First before getting customers of course you have to validate your idea. This is the most important thing for you to do. So before coding before doing anything you need to know if some persons if some people are willing to pay for what you are doing. So to do this it's really easy. You create a PowerPoint of three to six slides and you take calls with your ICB. So you take calls, you explain what you do, what problem you're trying to solve and then at the end of the presentation if they ask okay but how much is that? That's the first hint you are into something. Then if people really want to pay that's when things get interesting and that's when you know you have something. So what we did we at this point point we booked calls and we were selling lead list. So we were saying to people okay we can find you high intent lead to contact. People were saying yes they would pay. We would find manually high intent lead them to them and see how it was going. Once we had too many people and it was too hard to do it manually. We built goji berryi and we added the outreach part as well. So once you've done this once you know people are willing to pay you can get customers. So to get customers there are four ways um you can acquire them through inbound, outbound, paid and SEO GEO. This is what we do. We'll go deeper into each of these channel um just after. So in terms of inbound we do LinkedIn with a lot of accounts. We do X and we do Reddit. For outbound we do LinkedIn outreach with Goji. Obviously, we use cold email and um from time to time we can use cold calls or um WhatsApp messages. I'm not a big big fan of them but they exist. In terms of paid marketing, we do three things. Facebook ads, trust MR ads and influencer marketing. And in terms of SEO Gio, we have one freelance plus we use one software. So we will go deeper into that. You don't have to do anything when you get are getting started. We just added Facebook ads for example. Um what I think you should do is if you do not have any clients outbound is the best way to go. You need results fast. You need feedback as fast as possible. Are people willing to pay for what I do? Otherwise, I might just get a job. And then once you've um done outbound, then you can go and do inbound. That takes a bit of time. Then when you get money from outbound and inbound, you can do paid and of course you have to do SEO a bit every week to compound. So that's what we're going to see. Let's begin with LinkedIn outreach. LinkedIn outreach has been one of our highest converting channel. We run eight LinkedIn accounts that are sending hundreds of DMs every week. In this video, I'm going to show you how we systemized everything, which account we are using, what kind of messages we are sending, and how many demos we are booking. LinkedIn outreach. So, the first question you have to ask yourself is, are my customers on LinkedIn? Might sound like a dumb question, but we've seen too many companies trying to get pipeline from LinkedIn and just not getting anyone because their customers are not there. So, when you do LinkedIn outreach, you have to keep in mind some limitations. LinkedIn is a great platform. You can find tons of leads, qualified leads, but there are some limitations. So, you can send around 150 to 180 invitations a week. You cannot do more. So, you have to be really precise about who you target because otherwise you will just target random people and you will burn out uh your invitation kota. So when doing LinkedIn outreach there are two types of outreach you can do. You can do um ICP based outreach and you can do high intent lead outreach. So this is what used to work. So you would target a job title, you would target a country and then you would go after CFOs in the US. This doesn't work anymore because out of 150 invitations, well 50 of them have not been uh haven't been connected to LinkedIn in the past 3 months. Uh in the 100 people remaining, some of them changed job but did not update LinkedIn. So you are not getting results with ICP based outreach. When you do high intent outreach, you are targeting CFOs in the US but who showed intent. Either they engaged with your profile with your company. Either they posted um a meaningful post, they engage with post that show that they are ready to buy, they engage with your competitors, they have been hiring, they have just been hired. So you have all these intents and when you do high intent lead outreach, well it's very simple. you get three five times more responses than doing ICP based outreach. So in this video I'm going to show you the tool we use that's the company we have created and how we get results with LinkedIn outreach easily. Also one thing to keep in mind most tools to do LinkedIn outreach only do the outreach part. So you have to keep adding leads. You have to find the leads yourself either with sales navigator or with database. That's not something we recommend. We don't like static database because data moves very fast. We like dynamic database. So that's why we go after high intent leads. So first, what kind of LinkedIn accounts do you need? You just need a a LinkedIn account. Um the best thing is if you can brand it a bit. So with your company, you can add a headline. If the uh profile is active, it's even better. But any account on LinkedIn can do LinkedIn outreach. So some people are going to ask, can you get blocked on LinkedIn? Yes, you can. If you go over the limitations or if you don't use a residential proxy, so you don't have to worry about that. I'll show you everything. You can definitely get banned. But if you are below these limitations and you don't spam and you are active on LinkedIn, you uh won't get blocked at all. Maybe from time to time you will get disconnected from LinkedIn, but that's it. No one ever got blocked in our team. No one ever got blocked in our customers. So once you have your account, you can go you can go and do your out. So the tool we use to do outreach is goji berry AI. We are using our own tool obviously. Um so I'll show you how you can create a campaign. It's very easy. You paste your website. That's step number one. You analyze um your website. So company name, industry, company description, preferred language. I go to next step. I connect my LinkedIn account. I configure signal agents. It's going to define my ideal customer based on my website. So founders, head of sales, cos from all locations. Going to click on next step. I want to target high precision leads. It's going to target um high intent leads for me. So it it is configuring signals. So I'm going to target everyone who is engaging with lead intent content, clean down content, AI prospecting, demo booking, ICP leads. I'm going to target the most active people in my ICP, people who change jobs. I can also target people um interacting with specific LinkedIn profiles and competitor engagement. I'll go to next step. I define my objectives. So, I want to book qualified demos with a professional tone. And that's it. My campaign is ready. This is what's going to happen. Goji is going to create you this campaign. So, this is how we use um Goji to do LinkedIn outreach every day. Go finds you our leads with high intent. Every day we have agents finding the best leads for us. All these leads are scored with AI. We can get their email and if I click on a lead, I can get pretty much everything. So I get the company description. I know why is here. So we just engage with an industry expert. I can even click here to check uh the message. So yeah, engage with that account which is also one of our accounts. So that was listed as an industry expert. I can generate an AI personalized message based on the engagement. Um so notice you've been looking into AI powered outbound because he's always engaging with AI powered outbound content. And so what you can do once you get leads, they will automatically go into campaigns like this one. And the results we are getting are insane. Here for this campaign we get a 71% acceptance rate, 52% reply rate in terms of messaging. In the uni box we can have a look at who is interested or not. So every day we get a lot of people that are interested and so this allows us to book uh demos and this is just one of our accounts. We run more than eight accounts. So our job when we do LinkedIn outreach is setting up these signal agent. So setting up the signals we want to track, setting up um which LinkedIn profiles we want to monitor, which um intent keyword we want to monitor as well. And so all these accounts run automatically, send messages automatically. for this account for example I'm sending 59 um 29 invitation and 30 message in a day and so every day we get people responding and we book demo with that this is filling our um calendar every day every day and every day we find new leads and so the main difference between this and polo and all the other tool is that we only get leads that just made an action that just engaged so we know they've been active in the past 48 hours, we know they are the right ICP. We know they've showed intent, such as here, engage with a LinkedIn post with a special keyword. This keyword is one of our competitors. Or just engage with our company. And so, Goji AI does everything for you in terms of LinkedIn outreach. It does lead finding and it does as well um lead outreach. So, if you want to try Goj AI, there is a link in the description. And now we will move on to the next channel. But just before what can you expect with one account? So if you send 200 invitations per week, you can get 50% acceptance rate. That's 100 people. Then 50% of that people will respond to your message. That's 50 people. Out of 50 people, you can expect maybe something between 8 to 12 demos booked. And of course, it depends on a lot of things. It depends on your offer. It depends on your market. But that's the results we get and that's what customers in um B2B outreach usually get. So now let's move on to the next marketing channel. Let's now talk about cold mailing to Groji. We are sending more than 6,000 emails per day. In this video I'm going to show you the whole infrastructure where we are getting the leads, what kind of emails we are sending, which tools we are using. So at the end of this video you will know everything about code mailing. Call mailing is one of the best solutions to get customers for your SAS. So people call it spam. It's not spam. In B2B, you have the right to contact businesses to sell something. So why wouldn't you do it? So we are going to cover three things. Where to get the leads, what infrastructure you can use to um send emails, and the cost of all of this. So I know a lot of people are going to say but you can save money by buying uh inboxes in India or in Pakistan or in other countries. I'm not trying to save cost here. I'm trying to get business. I'm going to get pipeline. So even if it's more expensive, I know I have something that's bulletproof and that does not fail every uh day. That's interesting. Everyone when you do call mailing is going to tell you but you can do it cheaper. Of course you can do it cheaper. Everything can be done cheaper but that's not the goal here. So where to get the leads? I have three kinds of lead source. First one is high intent lead. Well of course I'm generated lead generating leads every day with goji. I enrich emails from um what goji finds and that's the first source of lead. So, I'm using Goji and that's maybe 100 to 200 leads per day. It's a lot and not a lot. Second um way to get leads, it's with scraping. So, what I do is pretty simple. I have the Chrome extension goji berry. I can import people from sales navigator. So, I just type who I want to target. I scrape everyone and then I can enrich leads. To enrich leads I use a a software called air scale or inside goji. So in goji you can um you can um get emails as well and then I also get leads from database. So you can uh go to Apollo, you can go to Sassi DB. So these are some databases to get leads. It's where it like this is the easiest way to get leads, but also where you will get the least responses because it's a static database. Scraping can be can be interesting. Um, so with goji berry you can scrape sales but you can also scrape some posts if you want and you can scrape from search and you can import in event attendees. So you can get really uh creative and get some great leads out of there if you see a post on LinkedIn that's performing really well. You can scrape everyone um just with a click of a button. So that's where I get the leads. Here I can get emails from Goji. So I'll write it down right here. Um if I scrape I can enrich with scale and get emails as well. Here go Jerry AI here I can get get it with or inside goji if I import everyone inside goji and if I take the database I think I can enrich here or I can enrich also with um airscale. So that's the first part. Everyone asking where do you get so many leads? Well I mean leads are everywhere. it's easy to get leads. Then in term of infra infrastructure, we use instantly. Of course, you can use a lot of other tools. We've been using Instantly since 20122 uh for a lot of projects and it's one of my favorite software. Um so I'm going to jump into um instantly and tell you everything about what we do. Our strategy is pretty simple. So, I've deleted a lot of campaigns. So, this is not accurate. It should be a lot more. But here, you can see that I've sent more than 400,000 emails. Here, I got a reply rate of 1 43%. Um, and it's ex excluding auto replies. So, if I include them, it's even higher. Um, if I look here at total reply, I can have a look at how it's going for me. Um, so how do I keep up this infrastructure? How did I build this infrastructure? Well, it's really easy. In instantly you have email accounts. I have 124. You have many ways to get these emails. either you import your own domains, either you buy some domains elsewhere or if you use instantly, you can buy pre-warn accounts. So, I've always been doing this either pre-warm or done for you. I've never connected existing accounts. So, if you do done for you, it's great. Everything will be set up well, but the accounts are not warmed, which means you have to wait two weeks to warm up the account. And if you buy pre-warmed accounts, well, that's interesting. It's a you can reuse them right away. The problem with pre-warmed accounts is that the emails you are buying, they don't look like your domain. So, for example, here acceler.org that doesn't look like goji berry and Adam don't have any Adam. And if I scroll down, here is a domain I bought um done for you. So, my surname, my name, team goji.com that looks more like goji. So I have 124 emails um and I have about I think 40 domains. So I have three emails per domain. Each email is sending 50 emails per day. So time three I'm sending 150 emails per domain. So once I bought this domain, well it's quite easy. I go to campaigns. I create a new campaign. In each campaign, I'm going to add some leads and I can just start sending right away. When someone responds, I go to my uni box and I get messages here. So, for example, James answered, I can just take my message and answer back. So, here I have someone who has just been uh contacted. So my strategy um when doing cold outreach is quite simple. So a lot of people are going to tell you you have to pitch that way, pitch pitch this, pitch that. I have another strategy. So what I do in terms of uh content in cold mailing is uh pretty simple. So, first step, I look at what's hype in my market. That might seem dumb, but what I do is always go on LinkedIn and see what are the best lead magnets on my market. Lead magnets I know people want because they ask for it on LinkedIn. Then once I identify what what's hype, I'm going to redo the lead magnets. So for example, if someone created a lead magnet about open, then I'm going to do an lead magnet about open and then I'm going to target the same people asking them if they want to receive this blueprint. So, there is a huge post on LinkedIn with 5,000 comments about if you want this blueprint about OpenClow, comment Bob. Well, I'm going to send an email saying I've built a lead magnet or a blueprint about OpenClow. If you want it, comment Bob. And it works. It works every time. And so, what I'm what I do is I send link magnets into uh with cold email. People read the link magnet inside. There are a lot of links to that link to my SAS with videos and everything. People like it and they subscribe. So, I only do this. I'm not trying to reinvent anything. I just do lead magnets and send them through email. Um, so this this is what it looks like. I can show you right here. Sequence. So, Clo just automated 100% of my outreach. I've put together a breakdown um of the system that automated 100% of my LinkedIn outreach using code. Last month alone, it generated blah blah blah. I'm sharing the resource. Would you like to see it? So here there are a lot of random um because I I want the email to to change. Um and I'm sending another uh email here. This replaced our entire LinkedIn outreach. And here code opus guide is here. So, I'm only sending guides. Um, and this has been working really, really good. My signature is simple, my name and the website written like this. So, as you can see, it's dumb simple, but I know the market already wants that blueprint. I know that I'm capable of doing a similar blueprint and adding some value. So, let's go. Why not? So in terms of options, I of course stop sending emails on auto reply. I disable tracking of opening because that trigger the spam filter. Uh I send emails as text only. My daily limit, we don't really care about that. Uh I prioritize new leads always. And that's about it. Uh then in term of schedule, I send emails every day, even on Sunday. Um, I get great response rate on Sunday because people are not reading the other uh I mean other people are not sending email. I'm one of the only ones to to send emails on Sundays. Um, and so that's that's it. That's this simple getting leads, crafting um a very small sequence of three emails and then putting all the leads of my market into that sequence. Um, and that works really good. There's nothing more to it. So people try to over complic complicate cold email. It's not complicated because you have great response rate. You don't go to spam. You don't go to spam. You get a lot of response. You send your blueprint to everyone. And then I'm going to show you what blueprint I send in by email. Um I think I have to copy paste it here. And so when people respond to my email, this is what they get. Clo guide to Opus 4.6. I present myself with a link. Then there is a demo video, the playbook they asked for. So I give a lot of value. Um and then I present my software. So demo again, screenshots, demo video again, screenshots, and a bit of social proof. And they can book a link. So that's it for cold email. So I mean maybe some people want to tell you that it's complicated to run cold email. It's not. In terms of cost, everything I showed you just before is about $500 per month. That might seem a lot if you are running um a small company, but it's it really not. It's really not. So, one customer for me has a lifetime value of almost $400, even more. Um, so I mean, I I need one customer per month and I'm sending 6,000 emails per day. And I know that a lot of people type my website from the email. How do I know it? It's really easy because I know people type goji.ai like this inside Google. So, I know a lot of people are looking for um what I do. So, thank you so much for watching this video. I hope you liked it. I hope you learned a lot of things. Now, let's move on to the next subject. Let's now talk about LinkedIn inbound. Most people either do outreach or inbound, but very few people do both. In this video, I'm going to break down the exact post we are making to get hundreds of thousands of views on LinkedIn. I'm going to show you the whole process, how we write our post, what kind of images we do, what kind of lead magnets we give. This is going to be interesting. Let's now talk about LinkedIn inbound. So LinkedIn inbound is great because it helps you get better results in outreach too. When people see your content, well of course they are more willing to um respond to your messages. So in terms of LinkedIn inbound, there are many things you can do. Um, some people are going to do what's called build in public, which means you document what you do in your startup, what works, what doesn't work. It doesn't apply to every um startup. But if your target audience is on LinkedIn and if by building in public you can get more customers, that might be interesting. Also, you can do lead magnets. Um, and they also work really well. I do both. So, I'm going to tell you my whole setup for um building this LinkedIn inbound machine. We have between 500K to 1 million views every week, which is absolutely insane. It brings a lot of sales, and I'm going to tell you everything about it. So, I have two accounts doing build in public. I have my own account and I have also a founder uh a co-founder account that is also doing the same. My own account is also doing lead magnet posts. They work well, so why not do them? And then I have a lot of satellite accounts that will do lead magnet post. It's either employees, either family accounts. Every account I can get is a satellite account. And so every day I'm going to post build in public content and I'm also going to post lead magnet content. So I'm going to tell you about the strategy and how this works. Let's have a look at my account. So, as I told you on my account, I'm doing a mix between lead magnet and I'm doing a mix um and also a mix with um founder content. Here I have 58,000 impression on that account. But I have a lot of accounts that I'm managing. So here, if I take this post, I'm doing um it's a mix between founder and lead magnet actually. So I made a video how to grow your SAS from 0 to 1 million annual recurring revenue and um there are people commenting to get a resource. So it's founder content because you can see I'm I'm showing my face. I'm talking about my company but I'm doing lead magnet. If I have a look at what I did just before this this is a lead magnet content. So what I did is pretty simple. I made a post. So all the post I make on um about lead magnets, I see what works on LinkedIn, I adapt it to my niche and that's it. So you just have to go on LinkedIn, look at the post that get the most um interaction, modify them for your own own niche and post. And so I made this post saying how many demos I get and so on, showing my calendar. And so when people respond, I just send them a link to my guide. It's actually the same guide that you saw in the cold mailing sequence. Um, so 12,000 views. That's not too bad. And so every day I'm either doing a post like this, either doing uh founder content. For example, I posted an article here that's founder content. Um, and so I have all these satellite accounts like this one. And this account only do lead magnet. So they did a lead magnet 16 hours ago. Lead magnet one day ago. Lead magnet. This was this was not a lead magnet actually. Lead magnet here. So yeah, that that's a great way to to to to grow. And as I said, I have a lot of um account doing this. So if I have a look right here, I have my co-ounder right there who also has a lot of um interaction right here, a lot of followers. So he's doing he's posting some founder content, he's pushing uh the he's pushing some resources, he's sharing founder stories. So yeah, that's what we do with um with these accounts. So if I go back to the Vanessa account, one thing that I do is I create most of my images with chat GPT like this one. So I'm going to take a viral post in my niche. I'm going to adapt it to goji, craft an image and post. So if the viral topic of the week is clo, then I'll post about clothes coork. Um, and we work with, of course, it has to to make sense. you have to like either integrate something into your product or you have to make a link between the viral topic and your product. And so when people um comment, I just send links. I just send my lead magnet. And so that this has been working really good. As you can see, I I make a lot of funny posts with AI. Um and you can do lead magnet posts in almost any niche on LinkedIn. So with AI it's really easy to just take a computer put it in a washing machine and this is going to work. Also one thing that I do that works really good every time one of my account post the satellite account are going to interact with it. So they are going to like comment share. This gives init the initial boost. If you want great satellites account, if you want your account to be good as well, I mean to have reach, you need to add people every day. So we use um Goji Berry AI to every day feed our network, find new people to connect with. And so every day we get um we get new um new people joining our network. I get a lot of followers on all my accounts. And so the goal here if you are trying to um to do LinkedIn inbound is really to think like a funnel. So the funnel is quite simple. Um here you have all your account. So you post then you are going to send the lead magnets and people are also going to visit your profile to click on links and they are going to take the free trial and then you are going to get customers and so the more v virality your post gets the more um dollars you get at the bottom. When one post is viral it's posted across all the profiles. when one post is getting posted by one founder account, everyone interact with it. So that's a great way to get um to get traction. So that's what we've been doing on on on on LinkedIn. We've got around eight accounts, so employees, founders um posting every day. We are sending hundreds of lead magnets per day and this brings a lot of sales. There is no magic formula. If your content is good and attracts the attention of people, then you need a good lead magnet, a good offer, and you will make some sales. So, that's it about LinkedIn inbound. Nothing too fancy. What one thing I could add is put a visit my website here. Put a a clean picture of you or your employee, put a banner, and that's it. Keep adding people every day in your niche. Post meaningful content and sales will come just like that. In this video, I'm going to break down how we are using X as a growth channel. We have two accounts on X posting daily and this brought hundreds of customers. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can use X to grow your startup, to grow your customer base. So we are using two accounts to grow um our company. First one is my account. So I've been using it for um the past year. Actually I haven't been active the first six months and then I've been actively posting one two three posts per day. So that's the first account we have been using. And then there is the second account I manage myself which is my co-founder account and um it's been a bit less successful but still it works quite well and we are still getting great impressions and I mean that's pretty good. Um so in this video I'm going to share everything we do, the type of post we do, how we go viral and what you can do to um do the same. Here you can see trust MR verified. So I'm just using a Chrome extension that you can see here that's called trust MR for X. Uh it's just an extension that shows people who are on trust. So if you are on LinkedIn and you just check um from time to time you see people that are on trust. Here for example this one, this guy is on trust. Um, so that's interesting. I mean, from time to time you see fellow people that you know and you can check how much they're making. For example, this guy is doing 38,000 um $38,000 per month, which is cool. So now what we are going to do is um we're going to see how you can grow your follower base. So the first thing I I did to grow my follow base is really easy. That's a hack I do on on social media and you should definitely do the same. So one you list the tools you use. So I use for example I use instantly I use outrank I use super X uh trust Mr. and so on and so what you're going to do since no one knows you and no one cares about what you are posting you are going to find the owners of these tools on X. So what you have to understand about founders, they love free marketing. So when someone is saying, I've been using your product for X months, it's done. Why for my company, it's amazing. Well, people like it a lot. So what I did is I found the founders of these tools and I just shared how these tools are making my company successful. So for example, that's something I still do. If we have a look right here, is trust emer actually worth it for SAS founders? And then I made a full post about it. Here I tagged Marklu who is one of the biggest in the SAS um industry on X more than 300,000 followers and he retweeted it and he even put a comment right there I think. Yeah, right there. So that's really interesting. So this is really what you have to do in the beginning and you can even continue doing that um just weeks after because if you are retweeted by one of these big accounts then you are going to get 100 200 500 um followers at once and once you get to 1,000 followers well it's easy to get um eyeballs on your content. So what I've done is release it this every day talking about the tool I use. So that was step one. Step two, I started following everyone that made good content and I started interacting. Once this was done, then I could just build in public. So these are the different posts I do. Either I do post that really tell what's happening in my company. So here for example I'm sharing proof of um X growth. If I go to another post on this one I'm sharing proof of cold mailing growth. So I try to share value and actionable things people can do in their business. That's really important. Build in public and just showing numbers it doesn't really help people. But if you tell them I did this, I got that then that's interesting. I did the same for Reddit. So, every marketing action I do, I try to share results. Um, I try to um tag the biggest players um and share value as well so they retweet me. This works well from time to time. And so, every day either I do a post sharing what I do or from time to time. Also, what I do is I make posts like um like the pinned one, this one, and I try to share viral content to get even more um views, even more um leads. So, people get to know my tool by clicking here. They get to know my tool by clicking on post. It's always on the second post here. It got 29,000 views. And if I have a look, more than 3,000 people clicked on this website and went to my website, which is massive. Um, and from time to time also, what I do is I do lead magnet posts. So, let me share one. I'm going to go a bit lower here. Um, here, this one was a lead magnet post to advertise my um, growth um, course. And so people had to comment course. More than 300 people commented course. And when this course is going to be out, I'm going to DM every one of them and respond to every comment. So I'm always trying to do, let's say, three types of contents. Either it's going to be promotional but with great content, either it's going to be a lead magnet or sharing the journey. So that's interesting. The the power of one video can be insane. So I share what this video brought and of course people are going to look at the video and why not try goji berry just after another strategy you can use last week's articles are getting a lot of traction so you can try to write write articles so you need to have uh the paid plan that's something I didn't tell you but to grow on X you cannot be on the free plan you need the biggest plan that's where you are going to get the best reach So, you have to pay $50 or $60 per um month. Without it, you won't go viral. So, here, as you can see, 25,000 people looked at my article. Um, which is great because at the bottom of the article, I talk about Goji or I talk about it somewhere. And so, that's basically what I do with one account. I retweet the other content and I do the same with the other accounts. always trying to share value and I write them the same way I write my Reddit post which means I make um vocal notes to chat GPT then I tell him okay do a tweet with this content and I always get great content always trying to share proof um I don't interact much on other uh people content um but anyway So, this is what I do on X. I would advise you to open one X account per co-founder. I have to do it for my third co-founder. I haven't done it yet, but I I really have to. Um, and so that way you can really get tons of traffic. If I have a look here on uh premium plus analytics, I got so many people in the last year seeing my content. More than 6 million people. So that's absolutely insane. And it's free traffic. I haven't paid anything to get these three million people. So uh profile visit 51K. That's also huge. And I got more than 50k visitors to my website. So that's what you have to do. Try to share the journey. Don't talk too much about your product. Talk about how you are growing the product, how you are getting views, how you are getting traffic, how you are struggling. and it will be the best advertising for X. People want real value. Let's move on to the next video. In this video, I'm going to talk about Reddit in the first part and then YouTube SEO in the second part. So, Reddit has been a huge growth channel for us. We got millions of views. We got hundreds of customers from this platform. So, I'm going to tell you how to avoid ban, how to create meaningful content, and how to get actual users for your SAS. Then we'll talk about YouTube SEO and how you can rank really easily on Google just by making fiveinut videos about your competitors. Let's now have a look at Reddit and YouTube, two social media that helped us grow by a lot. So Reddit brought us more than 30 millions impressions, which is absolutely insane. If we had to pay for that, that would have cost us thousands, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of dollars to to get the same um exposition. So, if I have a look at the some posts we made uh in the past year, well, some of them got got more than 100,000 views. So, if I go all time here and yeah, some of them got 165,000 views, 148, 154, almost 200k views. So, that's just insane. That helped us like crazy. So, I'm going to show you how you can do that and then we'll have a look at YouTube. Um, that also is a great social media. So I've created a small blue blueprint for this part because there are lots of things to know um when talking about rate marketing. So Reddit if you are doing B2B in short your key audience is on Reddit. Um 97 million daily active users that's huge and we've closed tens of deals thanks to uh Reddit SEO advantage. That's also really interesting. It's a SEO booster. Our SEO has gone crazy since we posted on on on Reddit uh because it does back links everywhere and also you can rank in chat GPT in all the LLM um when posting on Reddit. So that's interesting when people ask what's the best tool for high intent lead. Well, if um you posted a lot on Reddit that might be you. So, how are we approaching um Reddit and how can you do the same? So, I've written lots of things here um but I'm going to show you my uh screen instead. So, what I've been doing on Reddit is quite simple. First, you join all the subreddit related to your niche with your brand new account. So I joined SAS, I joined um Micros, I joined startup ideas, uh I joined all all these subreddits. For seven days, you will only like some post. So you upvote some posts on Reddit. Then for the next seven days, you only comment. You don't put any link. You just share value. And then after 14 days of doing that, you can start posting. So what I do when I post on Reddit is quite simple. I create long text. It's always almost stories about what I did. I always include some proof. So if I click here, proof of influencer campaign. So the the post was called I paid five influencers on LinkedIn to promote my SAS. And so what I do is quite simple. Every time I do something that works in terms of marketing, I make a Reddit post out of it. So, I ranked number one on Product Hunt, that's on Reddit. I got rejected from my community, that's on Reddit. I paid five influencers on LinkedIn, that's on Reddit. So, I put everything on Reddit. Um, and so to create this type of post, what I do is I use Chat GPT. So, I'm going to open the voice chat of Chad GPT. I'm going to talk and explain what I did. I often do it in French. Then I'm going to translate it, make a ready post, post it. As soon as I post it, I need to have um 10 up votes as fast as possible. So I have a group with some friends. We all upvote each other. And um if you have 10 up votes really fast, then you can rank um quite easily. So that's one of the post I made. Um I got lucky hit 500 500k R and sold my SAS that's I can show proof also. This I can show show proof. This was also storytelling here. I just heard heard back from Y Cominator after our interview. Click here to see the rejection email. Uh so that was the email. So every time that's what I do. I always do storytelling. Um if you try to promote it's not going to work. You always need to entertain people. That's the key. That's really the key uh when doing Reddit. So you start with sales friendly subreddits. You join all of them. You follow active conversation for 14 days and then you can start commenting. So as I said when you start commenting you give more than you take. Obviously you don't share links in the ne in the first 14 days. And um of course you don't forget to warm up your account first. So what I do on Reddit is is quite simple. I'm going to to tell you uh first I don't do I don't use any VPN proxies or anything. Um I've been banned from Reddit three or four times, but if you follow the rules I gave you, you are going to be fine. If you recreate a Reddit account, please do it on another browser. So I used to be on Google Chrome. Now I'm on Firefox. So what I do on Reddit is quite simple. Three times per day, three times per week, I post on 12 subreddits. So I post the same post. The only thing I tweak is the title and then ask friends to upvote. And so if you are good at storytelling, then it's going to be really easy for you to go viral, but you still need to have some friends to upvote you. So you post on 12 subreddit and then you try to go viral. So that's what I did for all the posts that you can see here. It's not that complicated actually. It's just a lot of work to create all these posts all the time. And so if I have a look here at new, I posted I think two days ago, three days ago. Yeah, 3 days ago I posted here, here 16,000 views. Here I got 24,000 views, 36,000 views. So that's interesting. And also sharing proof. Always do that because you will get a lot of haters. So if people hate on um what you do, you ban them. You don't try to ar argue with dumb people. Just ban ban ban ban. And um what will happen is at the beginning you get a lot of haters and then when you ban the 200 crazy dude from each subreddit then you are you are um you are fine. So if I have a look here um so this is the Reddit promotion checklist. So you warm up your account, you find the right subreddits, you spot relevant posts, you comment the right way and then you can track results. So that's basically what what we've been doing. We've been doing storytelling post, case studies, amma thread, I think we did only a few and comparison alternatives. Uh and of course you can also look at the right keywords on Google and comment the post that rank in SEO to make sure your solution stand out. Um and so here is the list of the subreddit I used to post. Some of them banned me, of course, some of them are still active. So, that's how we um do it. So, there is nothing much more to know about Reddit, but you have to put quality content. You have to be good at storytelling. You need friends to upvote and also you need to of course put proof and try to put the the link of your SAS inside the proof. So doing this we got more than 13 million views from Reddit and we are getting hundreds if not thousands of visitors on our website every day. So it's 100% worth it to do Reddit. The only thing is it takes time. You will get banned in the for your first accounts. You'll have to recreate accounts. So I mean it's not easy. You will get insulted a lot. But that's the way it is. Um, so if you want to get started, list the subreddit. Start by upvoting for seven days. You upvote 50 posts a day. Then you comment 50 post a day and then you post one post without link. And then another one 5 days later with a little link. Then 5 days later you post everywhere with some proof and so on. So that was for Reddit. Now I'm going to show you what we do for YouTube. For YouTube it's quite simple. we have been ranking on our competitor's um name. So for example, if I take Phantom Buster, what we do is is is quite simple. We take a screenshot of the website of our competitors. We put our face in front of it with Chad GPT and then we create videos showing Phantom Busters review. So we show the features, the pricing and alternative and then at one point in the video we say but there is an alternative and we pitch goji. So we've been doing that for a lot of SAS and if you see here 100 views it means 100 people typed artisan AI review and watch the video and learn about goji. Some of them bring us um like a lot of views. Aim Fox. Um, which one? 11X. I think Valet as well brought us a lot of views. This one. Yeah. So, that's interesting. Um, and so that's something you should definitely do. Map all your competitors and rank on them. And if we have a look at the video, I'm going to show you what it looks like. So, that's just me talking with the screen showing all the features, the pricing, and everything. and then at one point I just switch and talk about Koji AI and what we do. So that's an effective way to uh rank on uh Google. So if you type for example Phantom Buster 2026 review, we can have a look um together. We can do the experiment together. So Phantom Buster 2026 review right there. Well, I'm here. So that's very interesting guys. This is it for this video. You learned how to do Reddit marketing. You learned how to um do YouTube SEO. Now let's move on to the next video. In this video I'm going to talk about influencer marketing. We've been using B2B influencers to grow AI. So in this video I'm going to show you exactly what you need to know. how to select an influencer, what kind of deals you have to make, what kind of post you want them to make, how to act after the post has been made. You will know everything about B2B influencers at the end of this video. Hello everyone. In this video, we're going to talk about LinkedIn influencers. So, LinkedIn influencers are one of the best way to grow your SAS. We've worked with dozens of them and when it works for $500 you could get $1,000 2,000 $3,000 in annual recurring revenue which is absolutely insane. So to find these inferences you type keywords in LinkedIn uh you type keywords on LinkedIn sorry. So for example for myself I could write high intent or LinkedIn outreach or um outreach and I look at who is getting traction on these keywords. Then I contact these people to make a deal. Then what I do is pretty simple. I create a post for them plus a lead magnet and plus of course a visual. They post, people comment and the influencer responds. So for example, this is one I I did yesterday. So uh it's a French influencer. So on the French market, I created this post. I created the picture as well. People comment like here. And when people comment then um what happens is the influencer responds or someone from my team if the influencer is not available. And so we reply with hello here is the guide and here is the software and this is the guide we made for um the occasion goji. So that's a full blueprint about how to use goji berry. Sometimes with videos, sometimes without. It really depends. So this has been working really really well for us. Few things. First, you do not want the influencer to send the blueprint in DM. It can do it as well, but you need the blueprint to be sent in the comments. There are a few reasons for that. Some people will never comment, but they will click on your resource and become your client. Some influencers will say, "Okay, I sent the blueprint." But you have no way to check if that's real. Here you can really check what's happening. As the influencer sent the blueprint or not. So, how much should you pay your influencers? What I do usually is um very simple. I pay inferences between $300 to let's say $800. Um, and my goal is to do viral posts, only viral posts, no videos, no uh point of views, nothing. I have one um type of post that works really well and I only do this one. So, I've been doing it with this one. Uh, I've been doing it with French influencers, English influencers, so lots of them and it often works really, really well. I've been working with Eric. I think this is the fifth or sixth post um because it's just working so well. So, what I do when I contact them, I say, "Okay, are you looking uh for are are you doing sponsored sponsored posts?" So, then they say yes. You say, "Okay, this is my budget. I have $500 per post. I make the post. I made the lead magnet. I want you to reply to every comment with the lead magnet. Is that okay for you?" And then they negotiate. If someone uh wants to negotiate on the price, what you can do is negotiate on the number of posts. So, if someone says, "Well, I'm at $1,000." You can say, "Okay, for $1,000, but I want two posts." And often the influencer will say yes. So what you can do then once you lock one influencer you can contact him and say okay do you have some friends who would be interested in doing the same and then you get some more influencers. So we have a pool of five to 10 influencers and we work with them every two weeks. This has been working really really well. Um and so you really have to be careful about um who you are working with. So, best way to look at is an influencer um profitable or not is looking at the comments. So, when you look at the comment, if it's always the same person liking and commenting the post, well, that's going to be really bad. Also, look if the comments look um AI generated or not. So, I'm not going to show you some profiles, but I've worked with some inferences and everything was AI generated. And this brought me absolutely no visitors to my website, which was a shame. And when I work with someone like Eric, I get 1,000 visitors to my website, which is really good. So, this is how you should do it. So, type keywords, select influencers, try to negotiate, make sure it's not AI generated, ask for some proof, ask for the number of impressions of the last post. And um for the first one, I would not pay up front. Make sure the the post has been live and then you can pay. So that's it for the B2B influencer part. You can also use some agencies. We've been trying to to to work with some of them for the past month. Um it's good because you save time. You don't have to contact influencers. Some influencers don't answer. So they have the contacts and they can make it work for you. However, you are going to pay twice twice as much for uh each influencer. So, there is a balance between time and money. So, that's it for this video. Let's move on to the next video. In this video, I'm going to talk about demos. We do about five to eight demos per day. We could do a lot more. A lot of people want to book demos with us. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to get demos, what to say during a demo, how to close during a demo, what kind of presentation we show. So you will know everything about how to book demos and how to close the deal at the end. Let's now talk about demo calls. They are really tricky when you have a PLG product. So PLG means product growth. So you want people to use the tool without talking to you. But the problem is there is still a portion of people that want demo calls. So at the beginning you are really happy because you take all the demo calls and then you see that every day you've got 15 demo calls. So when you take all the calls, you don't have the energy to do something else. So you start to wonder how can I manage all these calls. So what you do is you do webinars, you split the demo calls, you hire, but I mean demo calls are really tricky. I'm sure some of them some of you here are probably thinking but I I would love to have more calls. And also that's what I thought, but right now that's not my goal. However, if you want a lot of calls, I'm going to show you how we do it, and then I'm going to show you how I close my calls. So, what I do to get calls is really simple. Um, let's put demo calls here. What I do is I produce content plus outreach plus ads. Okay? Nothing special. So every time I produce content or every time I do outreach or every time I do ads, my only goal is to distribute a blueprint. So I made probably more than 20 blueprints and then when people read the blueprint, I want them to book demo course. So this is what a blueprint looks like. This is one I made the code LinkedIn marketing vault. So, people are going to see that they can go to um the website. If they scroll down, they can go to the website again. And if they go to the bottom of this page here, I'm going to say something like book a a call with the founder. So, if they click here, they can book a call, but not everyone can book a call. I'll show you later. When people go to the website right there, um they also if they go to the pricing page, they can also get demo right here and this will send them to a calendar link that they have to fill. And I'll show you how I manage that. So my goal right now is not to get as many demo as I can because I cannot handle them myself. I've been hiring. So I've hired um two people plus one freelancer that will take the calls. um in the next weeks, but for now I'm doing all the demo calls myself. And if we have a look here, well, I have a lot of demos and it's becoming really complicated to work on marketing since I'm doing a lot of sales calls. Um and in terms of volume, it's not the best use of my time since I can probably create some marketing content that will drive 50 customers to my um SAS in three hours. But in 3 hours I can only take five, six, seven, eight calls and I will only convert four, five, six people maximum. So it doesn't make sense to continue doing that many calls. So the blueprint strategy is really the the best strategy I think. So I create content, I say comment to get blueprint. I create outreach campaigns where I say I've created a blueprint. Do you want it? Ads are a bit different but uh they also drive to the website and I would say ads probably do something like this. Ads um drive demo calls if the people don't want to unboard themselves. So that's what we do. Um so I'm using Calendarly to to to to manage all my um calls. And this is what I do. I I I've done what I call rooting right there. What what's called rooting? So rooting means if the potential lead answer a certain thing, then it's going to be redirected to either the webinar, the call or no call. So this is my logic here. If people respond to are you a target customer active on LinkedIn with no, then I say sorry, I cannot help you. Here is a blueprint. Here is a group demo. But basically I don't really want to talk to those customers. If people say that their sales team is from zero to two or two to five people then I say okay the demos are fully booked but you can join the live group demo or you can follow the full step-by-step blueprint and I tell them that for 99.9 of teams you don't actually need a demo to get started and in other cases I redirect to my calendarly. Um so if we have a look here for the demo calls three types of things three types so not a fit group demos or let's call it a webinar then if it's too small webinar as well and then I only take the huge uh demos right there. Okay. Huge teams, huge let's say big teams demos. So, this is what I do uh currently. And this this is what has been working pretty well for me. But even with this setup, I still end up with five, eight demos per day. and I could probably get 20 if I wanted to just because too many people are on our website. So, we have two choices. Either cut the demos and only go PLG, but I still feel like it's important to talk to customers. Um, so once we've done this during the demo, what I do is pretty simple. So, I do not try to sell during the demo. I only try to to um to to make them try the product. So what I do is I go to my tool. I ask a few questions like what are you trying to achieve? People explain what they want to do and then I show them okay so this is how you could do it with goji. So I show them how they can generate contacts, how they can set up signal agents to get high intent lead, how they can define their ideal customers, configure intent signals, how they can launch campaigns, and how they can get crazy results in outreach such as 71% acceptance rate, 52% reply rate. So this is my demo showing the product step by step and asking questions. Does that make sense? Um, and at the end of the demo, people always ask about the price. And what I say is simple. I say, "Okay, we have a 7-day free trial. Try it. You will not spend $1 or€1 before knowing that it works for you." And people are really happy to try. So the closing rate from demo to free trial is 70%. Which is very good. So I need someone to do demo instead of me. So, if you are a PLG product, doing demos might not make sense. I don't know. I I don't have the perfect formula, but this is what we do. This is what we've been doing. And so, we have a lot of demos being booked. As you can see, I only do demos in the afternoon, but still this is filling up very, very, very, very fast. So, thank you so much for um watching this video. create a blueprint, put the booking link inside and you will see it will be very easy since um if if your blueprint is good, people will share it to their pairs and so you will have a viral effect on your blueprint and this is exactly what we want. In this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ads. So we are going to have a look at everything we did in terms of paid ads to get new customers either retargeting or paid acquisition. So in this video you will learn everything about how to set up the ad, how to create UGC for cheap and what kind of results you can expect. Let's talk about ads. So to grow, we started doing some ads. Uh so the results are not perfect but still it's interesting. So we are doing only one type of ads which is meta ads. So we run ads on Facebook and Instagram. So, I'm going to show you how much I spend, how much I pay for a trial, how much I pay for a customer and everything. Um, so first the first thing I did was to look at companies doing ads um in the SAS B2B SAS with the same pricing as I do. So, for example, Baby Love growth is a is a great example. I could also check uh Outrank. So I could check like a lot of um lot of um um SAS and see what's working, what's not working. So here for example they have 180 ads available uh with some um pictures, some videos. Um so yeah, that's interesting to see what's working and and and maybe copy. So once I've done this, so I know basically what my competitors do, then I'm going to copy and I'm going to adapt to my niche. So to um create static ads, what I'm going to use is Chad GPT obviously. And to create um UGC ads, I'm going to use ARADS. Um, there might be some cheaper solutions, but I haven't looked into them. So, for example, let me show you very easily how you can do an ad. So, I'm on Outrank. Um, let's take a picture. So, I can go here, filter, uh, type of content, images. So, they have no images like this. Maybe I can memes maybe. Okay. So here they have some um here for example this is a meme. So if I click here I don't want to go to the website learn more maybe. No. How can I have a look at the post? Maybe by clicking here. Maybe not. Used to be Oh here. Yeah. It used to be possible to um to make it bigger. Okay, there. So here um I can see that they're running ads in in the UK. So I can take this I can just paste it into CHBT and say make same image adapted to goji AI. I let it run and you will see that it will create an image for for for me. And so this is how I started. So let me show you exactly here what kind of ads we are running for goji berry AI. So it's very easy nowadays to to to run ads. So for goji berry this is we are running 67 ads. Most of them are um static ads but I'm also running some um some videos. So here it's a demo video. Here it's Yeah, this is um video made by Arcad. So, it's not too bad actually if we have a look here. So, I'll just cut the noise. So, it looks looks pretty real. It's great. And so, this part I made it myself. Uh what else am I doing? So, more UGC. Um this I don't know what that is. I I'll have to check. Uh some pictures before after uh some random pictures of me with a giraffe. Um here are some more videos like this. So this is a video I made. It's not made by Ara. It's made by an agency. Um so here and this we can see that this is not working. This is not working. So these ones are not performing well. So yeah, uh I'm running all these uh all these uh ads. Let's have a look at this one maybe. I'll have to check like this and like this. Okay, it's very random, but uh I don't know. I don't know what that is. Um so yeah, I'm launching all this ad. So let's have a look at what was created. Image created me doing okay. So here it did not understand at all. So I have to say uh recreate the image. Don't talk about SEO. Talk about what Goji Berry AI does. No Goji Berry AI logo on picture. Okay. So that should be fine. Um, and so yeah, I I just look at what the others are doing and I try to copy at scale because um doing v visuals it's it's very hard. And so if I have a look at baby love growth, let's let's go back. Baby loves love growth. They are also making pretty cool ads. So you need one day to scrape all the ads from your competitors. They are not competitors and redo the ads. So this one is very easy to redo. Um so yeah can you can redo all these ones and all the ads that are UGC you can redo them with our cat. This is very easy to redo as well. So yeah images this is very easy. So images are insanely easy to to to do with um AI. Once you've done this, you can run a campaign. So I'm running two types of campaigns. Uh let's have a look. So let's let's do the last 30 days campaign. So I'm running retargeting and I'm running acquisition. In terms of retargeting, I've um I've spent $1,000. It cost me $91. 91 to start a trial. Um, and I'm converting about 35% of my trial. So, it means that here a customer cost me €270 and the lifetime value of my customer is €400. So, that's fine. Here it's fine as well. But these are average cost. It started very high and then it's decreasing. And so CBO um is the campaign I launched and I launched many lookalike campaigns. So if I have a look for example at yesterday, yesterday only and here the cost per trial was 75 uh and here €6. So that's very very interesting. Here I might have a winner. Um, so I'm running all these campaign and all every campaign I'm having text, videos and everything. Uh, as you can see a lot of campaigns and sometimes I just disactivate them. So let's go back here. Me analyzing data manually. Me letting go do it. It's not too good because that's not Goji does. Goji Berry AI finds high intent leads. Do me finding leaves manually and me uh finding the best high intent leads. This is going to be better. And so I launched all this campaign. I've set up my pixel on my website. Um I've done a webbook with Stripe as well. And so I know every time someone is starting a trial. And so let's have a look at the results for today. I haven't checked anything. Maybe I I don't have much to share for today. Yeah, today no trial was started. And so yeah, I spent €7 for nothing. But that happens. So yeah, this is what I do in terms of ads. Um, retargeting is more expensive than CBO. I don't know why. No one knows why because it's supposed to be way cheaper. Um, but uh, yeah. So yeah, and it's increasing. Maybe people saw the ads too many times, but here this is decreasing. So that's interesting. So I can probably scale here. One customer cost me about €250 and the LTV is 400. So every time I get one customer, I earn €150. So I could do that at scale. That's very interesting. And also a lot of people that don't convert now, they see me, they know my website and when they will see me from organic content, they might convert. So still very very interesting. So me finding manual leads, me finding the best high intent leads. these leads actually have potential. This is good. Okay, this I could run as an ad. Um, so yeah, that's it about ads. I'm not an ad expert. I you you mainly you understand in this course that I'm always looking at what others do and trying to either improve or adapt for myself. Uh so yeah, and in terms of spending, we spent around uh €7,000 in the last month in ads. Uh, so that's about $9,000. So it's less than 10% of um what we what we make. Um, so yeah, it's it's still very very affordable for us to to to run ads. Uh, and my goal is really to spend €3,000 per day, €10,000 per day and still get the same uh cost per results. Well, thank you so much for watching this video and see you for the next video. In this video, I'm going to tell you my plan to grow from 1 million in recurring revenue to 10 million in recurring revenue. So, this is going to be my strategy explained just for you. Okay. So, now let's talk about my plan to go from 1 to 10 million in annual recurring revenue. So, there are two types of actions I do right now. The non-scalable part. So, posting on my account on X and my account on LinkedIn. Well, it's going to scale, but it's not predictable. I cannot scale the way I want. I cannot post 100 times per day on LinkedIn. That's not going to do me any good. So, this is going to scale little by little, but to go from one zero to one um is not the same than to go from one to 10 million. I'm not going to get 10 times more customers overnight from this channel. And then there are things I can do to scale. So I can scale influencer marketing. If I pay one post and it's profitable, then I can pay 10 post and still be profitable. I can increase uh the ad budget. I can push my affiliate program. So we give 30% lifetime. It's it has already brought $40,000. I can scale the SEO and I can scale content production to post on other platforms such as Tik Tok, YouTube, Instagram, and so on. So this is for marketing. Of course, I'm also going to scale sales. So what I want to do for um sales is really simple. I want two salesperson to take calls because what one thing that I I I know is that if we have more sales uh slots open, then we'll get way more calls. So I want two sales person to take call so I can focus more on the scalable part. I think what's really going to unlock the from one to 10 is the influence in influencer marketing and of course I'm going to I'm going to um improve my product. If the product is better, retention is better then people stay more they are more happy. they talk about it and so on. Um, so this is what I want to do. I want to hire as well. So from 1 to 10, this is the people I want to hire. I want one product manager. I also need one growth, one developer, uh, and one head of customer support. So these are all the people I need to scale and of course I also need some saleserson but for now they won't be um full-time. Um so yeah one product manager, one growth, one dev, one head of customer support and I think that's pretty much it. Um, and if we have all these people working with us, then it's going to be way easier to um, scale. And so if we think in terms of budget, so that's going to be something like 70k per per year for the first one, then 70k for the second one and 70k for the third one. And then for the fourth one, maybe 70k. I'm just doing average. So that's about 280K per year. And then of course you need to add some saleserson that might be freelance. I don't know yet. Um but that's how I plan to scale my team. That's how I plan to scale my marketing. And of course over time the brand is going to be more and more known. Improving the product is also very important because I want to open two things. I want to first go multi- channelannel and so do email do uh WhatsApp and also what I want to do is add more AI features. So, I want AI to um help my customer more and show them how they can improve their outreach campaigns. So, yeah, that's the plan right now. I'm heavily Oh, and also I I plan some other stuff for the scalable part, but I'm heavily going to focus on the marketing and the ads. And of course, I'm going to keep the nonscalable part. I believe we can go from one to three million in three months and then going to 3 million to 10 million is going to take way more time and I'm not even I I I don't even know if I'm capable of it right now. So that's it for this video. Let's now see the last video of this course. Thank you so much for watching this course. I hope you really liked it. I really broke down everything I know about SAS marketing and I hope you can use some of that to grow your own SAS. If you want to use Gojiberry AI, our tool, the tool we've been using to grow, well, you can just look below. There is a 7-day free trial link you can use anytime. And I hope to see you again. Bye.