It's way easier than getting viral on X, way easier than getting viral on LinkedIn, way easier than making a YouTube video. That's cold email he's talking about. The thing that most founders write off as [music] entirely spam or just assume doesn't work. And I used to think the same. So, I sat down with Roman, who is the co-founder of Goji Berry AI, who took Goji Berry from zero to 2.5 million dollars a year, kickstarted with this exact cold email playbook. And I got him to break the entire thing down. So, by the end of this video, you will know exactly how to run cold email that gets you replies and books you real meetings, even if you have no audience and you've never posted on social media before. So, let's get into it. All right, Roman. Someone has built something that they're they're genuinely proud of, but nobody's buying it. What is the the one thing that they're taking away from the conversation today? So, they will learn how to get their first customers, know what their customers want without needing any audience, and without having to post on social media. Okay, and you this is through like cold emails and things like that? Exactly. So, we are going to talk about cold email today and how you can get your first demos, first customers next week. Amazing, okay. And you've used this sort of playbook to build Goji Berry, your your startup to what? It's almost 2.5 million a year now? Yeah, exactly. And more than that, I used it to grow my previous SaaS as well, Cocoa AI, and uh the cold email playbook was working really really well. And I'm going to tell you some tricks uh that I did that were like very efficient. Incredible. Can you Do you have any proof to show like the numbers that you guys are doing, a dashboard or something like that that you can show us? >> Sure. Here, uh it's in euro, but that's worth worth 3 2.5. Crazy. Need a little dashboard refresh for people who who are skeptical. Sure. >> you refresh right now? And go. All right. So, yeah, we we we've been building this company. First with cold email and LinkedIn outreach, and then we've added like a whole bunch of of channels on top. Crazy. You just got another 200 euros as you refresh the page. Insane. All right. So, you're doing 2.5 million dollars a year now, right? And this is kickstarted through cold email, which is the playbook that you're going to be sharing with us today. Can you get into it and show us? Yeah, absolutely. So, let's talk a bit about cold email, what's true and what's what what's not. So, cold email a lot of people talk and say it's it's comparable to spam. And so, it has a a lot of backlash like in the entrepreneur community. Like when you post about cold email, you get the most views because some people love it and some people hate it. And when you do cold email, you will get will will get a lot of hate. So, what's cold email? Cold emailing is basically emailing people who are who might be your customers and who don't know you exist. A lot of people will bring GDPR and everything. You have the right to cold email people in in in your niche. Few things to like to to know, they have the right to unsubscribe, they have the right to to tell you to stop. And you also have to send things related to their business. That's really important. You cannot sell dishwashers to to to someone in like wanted wanted to buy to someone who wants to buy it. So, that's that's not possible. It has to be related to to what they do and it have to has to help them do a like increase their business. So, I'm going to tell you a bit about cold mailing. It's my favorite way to start a a business for a lot of reasons. First one, you can test the market very easily. So, when you you start a business, you can of course post on social media, do a launch video, but that's already a lot of work, you know? And if you fail and if you pivot, then you are not going to pivot on on social media every every 2 weeks. Or I mean, that's that's going to be quite hard. So, what I do is I email a bunch of people. I outreach on LinkedIn um a bunch of people as well. And I try to get demos as fast as possible. So, the the goal here is to book as many demos as you can before building the product, so you can talk to your core audience. You try to sell them something. And if they agree or if they ask, "Okay, what's the price?" then there might be something to do. And if people just don't care, well, there is probably a problem. So, first step is how easily can you book demos? That's That's very important because in the end, you need demos to sell or you need to talk to people to sell. And then, out of these demos, how many are you able to convert? So, for GojiBerry, for example, what we did since our software helps people find high intent lead and contact them. So, we had only the find high intent lead in the beginning. So, we would do demos with people, tell them that we are totally able to provide them high intent leads. And we would sell them the fact that we would get them high intent lead. And then, manually, we would do what GojiBerry does for for all our customers few months later. So, it was a lot of work. We scaled from 0 to 10K just by selling like files of of of leads. Then, of course, at one point it was not sustainable. We stopped. We built the product because we knew that we were into something. We We knew exactly who to sell it to and how to sell it. So, now, of course, how to do a cold email. So, to to do cold email the best way, you need a lead list that's really targeted. That's You you need the real emails. You need someone who are in your ICP. Then you need the infrastructure. And then you need the right messaging. And if you have all three, then you can book demos like crazy. A lot of people when they talk about cold email, they will focus on the infrastructure. They'll say it's things like "Okay, but it's really hard not to land in spam. It's really hard to get domains and everything." I mean, that's That that's not true. The hardest part is really about getting those demos. So, what we did at GojiBerry is we used in the early days, we used Instantly. So, I cannot show you everything because when you delete campaigns in Instantly, then the stats like are removed. And I'm also switching from Instantly to another tool. So, I mean, I've just canceled everything. So, this is like the the last days of my Instantly account. But still, I can I can show you some stuff. So, let's say in the last last 7 days, maybe, I've sent 25k emails. The reply rate is 1% something like that. A bit more if you have auto reply. So, 1.19. And is that a good reply rate, out of curiosity? Is 1.7 Is 1% like good? What's good? What's bad? I mean, again, it depends. So, it depends what they respond, right? And what's the goal? So, here, if I deactivate auto reply, in 1 month, I got uh that's something like four five 549 person who responded to my email. And that's a lot, okay? Um so, 1.36 is probably not that high, but that's very high for what I ask people to do. And that's very high for for what I do. So, when you do cold mailing, uh first, you have to get the leads. I have two ways of getting the leads. Either I do some scraping, so I get a lot a lot of leads and I just enrich them and upload upload them into Instantly. Or I also have high-intent leads generated by GojiBerry. And here I'm going to send emails with more context, more personalization. It's lower volume, but way higher response rate. Um >> Okay. So, how how to launch cold emails? It's pretty easy on Instantly. I mean, it's very easy. You go to Instantly, you add new mailboxes, you take done-for-you email setup. Uh or you can buy pre-warmed accounts. And it's just uh a question of budget. I was spending something like $500 to $800 per month on Instantly. So, then you have the leads either scraped from GojiBerry or I use the the GojiBerry extension to to to get leads on LinkedIn. I'll show you how to do that afterwards. So, you have your leads, you enrich them, you have the infrastructure on GojiBerry or in on Instantly cuz we've added um cold email on on GojiBerry, so that's why I'm switching everything to my own infrastructure. And then you need the right message to to to get demos or to to get where you where where you want to go. So, the the the biggest mistake I think people do in cold mailing is they ask for demos. So, they say something like we've helped X do Y. I would love to have a 15-minute discussion with you. So, you are sending some an email to someone who doesn't know you and you want to take their time. So, you are asking for for for for for for for something from them. And that's the main problem in in cold mailing. If you ask before you give, then there's a a huge problem. So, what we did and how we we got so successful with cold email because in the end 500 people responding might not seem a lot, but if you think about it, that's more than 10 people per day are responding to my messages. And 10 people per day, that's probably more than the number of people who DM you on LinkedIn or on X. And I I've sent only 84K emails in in in that for this campaign. And I had a lot more a lot more campaigns running. So, I was I probably sent more than 1 million email in the last 12 months. Crazy. >> But, yeah. And so, what I do and what works best, I'm going to show you. For example, someone responded it was today. This is my email. So, that's this one, for example, is what I call a high-intent lead. So, I take people who comment on my LinkedIn posts. And I send them this, "So, you commented on my LinkedIn post to get the cloud-powered prospecting system. So, that's the blueprint I'm giving. It's the exact setup that we used to book 100 plus meetings in a few weeks. Blah blah blah. Just wanted to check, did you receive it? If not, or if it got lost, I can resend everything. Just reply yes." People reply yes, of course. And then, I send the blueprint. So, replying yes for someone is very low effort compared to, "Okay, let's book a call. I have to take a meeting. I have to show up. I have to listen to you for 15 minutes." What what I do is I send them a blueprint. So, all these people, some people uh are not happy, but some people are. So, all these people, they say, "Yes, send me the guide. Yes, here." So, I send them this guide. And so, what I do is is is something I really like. So, here I'm doing pretty much cold outreach uh because these people, maybe they've like commented on my post, but that's not something crazy. So, what I do is I send them a document like this with a video, with another video, a full playbook on how to get leads. And of Of inside this playbook, they can either I think it's here at the bottom maybe. They can Yeah, here. Either starts a trial or they can book a demo with us. And so And so what's really interesting is a lot of people book demos every day. And so we've changed the the thing from outreach to inbound. It's people who decided after reading this document to book a demo with us. And so when you arrive on a call with these people, well, they've decided to be here. So that changes the whole whole thing. They are like they show up, they want to buy, they are interested. So it's changes everything. So that's my cold email strategy that I use, that I really really like. And ever since I've discovered the blueprint thing, I've never asked for a demo in in cold email ever again. Just because it's it's getting harder and harder to get people on demos. And I want them to book the demo. I don't want to I don't want them to feel obligated to to book such demo. So if we have a look at how I generate leads, well, that's pretty easy. As I said, I I use GojiBerry. I enrich the leads and then I send email. So every day GojiBerry finds me high intent leads. Let me just put it like this. So GojiBerry find me leads in my niche that they are in my niche, they are interested by what I do. They've showed intent. So either they engage with a competitor, they liked LinkedIn post with specific keywords, they are similar to my ideal lead and active. So all these leads, I enrich their email here within GojiBerry. And then either I send them to Instantly or I send them to my campaigns. So that's how I get high intent leads. Then, second way I'm getting leads, I can use the GojiBerry extension right there to either get people from Sales Navigator, from get people from search, or to get people from LinkedIn posts. So I can just go on the post and get all the likers, the commenters, and then enrich them inside GojiBerry and send them either through GojiBerry or through Instantly. A few things I'd like to tell on cold email. So, you really have to avoid any links in the original message. You have to be careful about the words you use. So, there are some spam words that are going to trigger the spam traps. Um you have to send maximum 30 emails per email address, and you can create three addresses per domain. And that's pretty much it. So, I don't know why people make such a big deal about cold email because like for me, it's one of the easiest way to talk to uh to your customers or to your future customers in in a matter of of days. I think that's I think it's incredible. I have never heard someone break down cold email in such a way that it turns the outbound process of cold email into inbound. Like you set it up in such a way that they then have to take the action to book the demo with you. That's incredible. That's genius, bro. And so, you you Did you come up with this yourself or Yeah. Yeah, I came up with this myself. And so, you can do it in many ways. What's interesting is if you will create a great YouTube video, for example, you can do cold email saying okay, I've break broke down in a video how we did X for Y. Can I send you the video? People say yes, you send the video. And so, you can get maybe 1,000 people to watch your video every month from cold email. And and so, you can you can uh you can do it for like you can fill a Slack group. And what's interesting is cold email, if you do it at at a high volume, it brings traffic to your website. You see what people type. You see like what what what what what how they behave. And it also works as a retargeting. So when you do cold email, people go to your website, they see your ads, they see you on X, they see you on LinkedIn. I mean, at one point, they have to they want to try your product. Okay. Brilliant. I mean, if I'm thinking about this from the perspective of someone who, like I said at the start, they have something they want to sell. You're saying it's brilliant, especially at the start, right? To get it off the ground off the ground. It's one of the the things you you first did with Cocoa AI, which is your previous startup, and then All right, so it's it's very applicable to like early startups. What is the first thing you're doing? When you want to start doing cold emails, what is the first thing you're doing? Are you getting infrastructure set up? If so, where? Are you getting the leads first? What would you recommend? >> So, either you do everything through GojiBerry, like you set up your account, you get agents finding you leads, emails are enriched, then the leads are going to be pushed to a campaign. A a multi-channel campaign. So, for example, let me take that one. So you can send emails through through GojiBerry now? >> Yeah. Or Exactly. >> Now we have email we have email steps. That's if you do [clears throat] let's say small volume, but that's really good to to to try. When I was starting with cold outreach, I was not sending as many emails. Like if you send 1,000 to 2,000 per month, that's more than enough. You will probably need two or three mailboxes, and that's it. And so you can add as many on on GojiBerry. So that's I don't want to to like to make the promotion of my tool too much, but that's if you want to use GojiBerry. And then if you want to do like only cold mailing and not do LinkedIn plus cold cold mailing, you can use Instantly. On Instantly, you can buy domains. You cannot buy domains on GojiBerry, you have to bring your own domains. And then that's it, you just follow follow like follow follow the the setup and it's it's pretty pretty easy to to do. So, probably set up the infrastructure then get the leads either high intent lead or either scrape some leads. You can scrape with the Goji Berry extension, but you can also scrape with a a lot of other extension or you could get Apollo and get a database. I mean, that's also a possibility. And then you enrich those leads, you create your messaging and you can start. That's how I I would do it. Of course, I mean, it really depends like at what stage you are, how much money you have. You must be ready to spend something like $100 to $500 like to try. That might seem a lot, but I mean, it's it's not. You got to start somewhere as well. I mean, I saw you sent you were sending one email template that you showed us. In terms of when you send out these kind of campaigns, how many email templates are you sending? Do you AB test a bunch at the start and you figure out one works and then you just like go 100% on that template or Yeah. What's Is there a split? No. So, when I have the winning uh blueprint, I just go all in on it until I sent an email to everyone I can. And then I change the blueprint and I email everyone again with another blueprint. So, it's just a follow-up message, right? It's not even an initial template cuz you send the blueprint afterwards, right? >> I don't send a lot of follow-up messages. I only send a second one with another blueprint. But usually what what's like the rule in cold email, it's better to cold email someone else for the first time than to follow up on someone who hasn't responded. Okay. >> But I mean, it it depends. If your TAM is really big, you can you can do that. But if you are doing ABM, so account-based marketing and you have you have to like close huge deals, then of course, it's better to to follow up because the the the lead costs like way way more. Do you ever Do you ever feel like you're running out of leads? Like you've hit a limit and there's nobody left who you haven't messaged? Yes, but that's only my fault because that's when sometimes I I I run a lot of marketing channel at the same time. And so sometimes I like prepare everything for a few days week. I I run everything. I just come back to respond to the messages. And then at one point I run out of leads. But that's just because I I I I do something else. I'm doing something else during the week. So you never actually run out of leads because you can always try a new angle. You can always try something else. Especially in our niche. Like the market is so huge. But it takes time to like find the right lead sources, to make sure your template is responding right. At one point you will go into spam. So you probably have to change mailboxes. So that's something that happens quite often. And see here, some people are going to say, "Okay, but 1% is very low. I get 5%. I get 10%." Sure, but when you do volume, it's hard to get more than that. So for example, the maybe you know Adam Robinson from ABM to B. He was probably sending something like 10 millions or 30 millions per per month, which is probably 10x what I do. And he was at Reply rate? Yeah, the reply rate was 0.7 or 0.8. So people were making fun of him saying, "Okay, but no one respond." But 0.8% on 3 millions email, that's insane. That's an insane number of people who who are responding. For and the price is not that much. He's probably sending I don't know, 3,000, 5,000, even $10,000 per month. But for $10,000 per month, if you get 30,000 replies, well, I mean that's that's absolutely worth it. So And Adam Robinson, I I would suggest to study how he's doing cold email because he's not trying to book demos, he's trying to push his free trial. And that's has been working like a lot. He's pushing everyone to the website, take the free trial. And I've tried some of his emails. Actually, he has a guy who does cold email for him. I don't remember his name. Maybe Taylor, I don't know. But he's sharing the templates, the winning templates, and every time he's sharing it, I just copy paste and try it because they are really good. Out of curiosity, why do you book demos instead of doing free trials? Do you not have like such volume of reply rate that you can't book demos with all of these people? So, you're asking why I do demos instead of free trials? Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah, so I'm I'm not trying to book demos at all. The the demo link is at the is at the bottom of my document. So, for one person that books a demo, 20, 30 just go, click, and take the free trial. So, I'm trying to avoid demos, by the way. But for big players or for some sales team, they need a demo. So, and even if someone clicks on I want to book a demo, if it's a small team or an individual, he's going to go to the webinar. So, I do three webinars per week. Then, if it's someone who has a team between two to three people, then he's going to go to someone else. And above three people, it's going to he's going to have a meeting with with me. Okay, so you just cast this really intentional big fishing net, and then maybe some of them come in through the demos, and they're inbound, so they're basically already sold. That's genius, man. That's genius. One last question, you said about the spam, you can get marked as spam often times, right? And you want to avoid getting marked as spam. There are spam words. Yes. >> would you have examples of these kind of spam words that people should avoid? Is there a list somewhere online, or is this like a secret trade secret thing? No, it's I mean, it's online. Everything like 18 plus, of course, you have to avoid. Everything related to money, to gambling, uh to drugs, obviously. So, some some uh keywords like promotion or promo code or all these things you you you have to avoid. Okay. And also, one thing you have to do is you cannot send the same email to everyone. You have to spin the email. So, on Instantly, you can spin it spin it like almost automatically. So, they're going to change a word in every email for each person. And on GojiBerry, you can get a personalized email for each lead. So, you are never marked as spam. Because in the end, what what's why people are put in spam, it's because their offer is not relevant. No one is responding. Everyone is marking it as spam like spam. But, when I'm doing the blueprint thing, I mean, if a lot of people respond, for Gmail, for Outlook, for all the email providers, they are just seeing someone sending emails and getting responses and then sending emails again. And sometimes getting responses back such as like, "Thank you for the blueprint." So, that's It's always the same. Like, if you annoy people, you will be marked as spam. Like like spam. And you said you did 1 million a year in the first 8 months with GojiBerry through cold email partly. How much of that was through cold email versus other things? That's hard to tell. Probably cold email plus LinkedIn outreach would be 30%, I would say. Okay, it's still quite a sizable amount though, huh? Yes. Yes. Yes. I wouldn't underestimate that. Okay. And like final question of all of this, unless you have something else to share, the final question of all of this would be if someone is starting tomorrow with cold email, what is the one move you would suggest they they take? Yeah. So, what I would do, depending on like the stage they are at, if they already have social media presence and everything, I would try some blueprints on their audience. When they have one that really sticks, that everyone wants wants it or a free tool or I mean anything, then I would start cold email. And if you don't have any audience or anything, if you are selling, let's say, product-led growth pro- SaaS, in that case, it cold email is going to be interesting to get people on calls, know what they want, talk with them, but that's not how you are going to make money because you cannot like do calls for $20 per month or $30 per month. But if you have a B2B SaaS where you can sell at 100, 200, 500 per month, then cold email can be uh one of the best ways to to book demos. And so, a lot of people try to make it seem like it's really difficult to do cold email. It's not. It's way easier than getting viral on X, way easier than getting viral on LinkedIn, way easier than making a YouTube video. Uh it's really about right people, good offer, infrastructure, and that's it. Wh- When there is something like this and everyone and and you see people taking sides like cold email is bad, it's spam or cold email works well, you really have to try yourself and and think about it. So, when you have people saying it's spam, well, of course, if you send nonsense to people who hate you, it's going to be spam. But if you are sending something that people might need, you might help them, you are going to help people get more value, then of course, you you you you have to do it. And so, I feel like the the like cold email versus non-cold email is the same thing as bootstrap versus VC-backed, you know? People love taking sides. The the reality is that it's more complex and you can get you can succeed in both both ways. I I appreciate you sharing this playbook so much because there are so many people who are curious about this, but I think the idea of exactly what you just described, which is this message that's peddled that you're spamming and that you're not going to get any replies. People send maybe emails manually and they they don't get any responses and they're like, "Oh, this is a waste of time." They don't know the levels that it can get to and as a result people don't go into it. But you demoing this as I think it will open it up to a lot of people. So, I appreciate you sharing the time, brother. Perfect. Well, thank you so much for having me.